Add CONTRIBUTING.md (#397)
CatalysmsServerManager/7-days-to-die-server-manager: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to 7 days to die sever manager
You can find all the information about the server [here](https://docs.csmm.app/en/7D2D)
## Thanks for taking the time to contribute
The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to 7 days to die sever manager. These are mostly guidelines, not rules. Use your best judgment, and feel free to propose changes to this document in a pull request.

## Links to some resources

You can join the discord server to directly communicate with the developers by clicking [here](http://catalysm.net/discord).

You can find all information about the CSMM [here](https://docs.csmm.app/).

You can find the installation guide [here](https://docs.csmm.app/en/CSMM/self-host/installation.html).

## Code of Conduct for Contributors
This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the code of conduct for contributors which you can find [here](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code.

## How can I contribute?
1. You can report bugs/glitches/faults that you are likely to come across when using the project server and client apps.

> 2. You can suggest enhancements that you would want to see implemented on the project - which gets voted in the roadmap.

Reviewer: we have a roadmap?
if so, can you link it
if not, can you remove this?

Author: I'll remove it that part.

Instead should I add you can suggests it, by creating an issue ?

Reviewer 2: Yep, the way to suggest new features is with issues. Good addition!

3. You can address a wide variety of open issues if you wish to contribute using your code and make a pull request.

## Steps to contribute

* Comment on the issue you want to work on. Make sure it's not assigned to someone else. For new comers to open-source, you can pick the issue having 'good first issue' tag.

* If you think you encounter a bug or have a suggestion for improvement of code or to add a feature, then create a issue with proper title and tags but first make sure it's not already present. And if you want to work on that, then comment on that issue and wait for the owner to assign that work to you.

### Making a PR

> - Make sure you have been assigned the issue to which you are making a PR.

> > - If you make PR before being assigned, It will be labeled `invalid` and closed without merging.

Reviewer: > - Make sure you have been assigned the issue to which you are making a PR.
> - If you make PR before being assigned, It will be labeled `invalid` and closed without merging.

absolutely not true. We (as maintainers) make issues for things we want to fix, but welcome changes that people want to implement. There's no need for an issue or for it to be assigned first.

Author: Ok, I read that on contributing guide on hacktoberfest. So I thought to add that, But I will remove it.

Reviewer 2: It varies from repo to repo :)

# Contributing to 7 days to die sever manager

> You can find all the information about the server [here](https://docs.csmm.app/en/7D2D)

Reviewer 2: Doesn't need a link to 7d2d servers here. This is a contributing guide so I think this will only confuse people.

7d2d is just the game server and not expressly needed for contributing. If someone unfamiliar with the project finds this line, they may think we are developing 7D2D but we are developing a server manager FOR 7d2d.

## Thanks for taking the time to contribute
The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to 7 days to die sever manager. These are mostly guidelines, not rules. Use your best judgment, and feel free to propose changes to this document in a pull request.

## Links to some resources

> You can join the discord server to directly communicate with the developers by clicking [here](http://catalysm.net/discord).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can join the [Discord server](https://catalysm.net/discord) to directly communicate with the developers.
```

Instead of making a bunch of 'here' clickables, I think it's better to integrate the link into the text itself like this. Same comment for the rest of the document. Improves readability while maintaining usability of a link

### Making a PR

* Fork the repo. This will create a copy of the current repository that you can edit and make changes to.

* Clone it on your machine. But first navigate to your forked repo and then, there you will find link provided by GitHub to clone.

* Add a upstream link to main branch in your cloned repo
    ```
    git remote add upstream https://github.com/CatalysmsServerManager/7-days-to-die-server-manager.git
    ```
* Keep your cloned repo upto date by pulling from upstream (this will also avoid any merge conflicts while committing new changes)
    ```
    git pull upstream main https://github.com/CatalysmsServerManager/7-days-to-die-server-manager.git
    ```
* Create your feature branch
    ```
    git checkout -b <feature-name>
    ```
* Commit all the changes
    ```
    git commit -m "Meaningful commit message"
    ```
* Push the changes for review
    ```
    git push origin <branch-name>
    ```
* Create a PR from your repo on GitHub. Give a proper title and description for the changes you made.

> * The maintainer of this repo will review the changes you have made. They will review if your changes are proper or not. And if they find any mistakes, they may request some changes. In that case, you should make changes in your forked repository and then commit that changes. And make sure you make changes in the same branch you previously requested PR from.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The maintainer of this repo will review the changes you have made. They will review if your changes are proper or not. And if they find any mistakes, they may request some changes. In that case, you should make changes in your forked repository and then commit those changes. And make sure you make changes in the same branch you previously requested PR from.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe `these changes`? I'm not a native speaker myself so not sure

Reviewer 3: The maintainer of this repo will review the changes you have made. They will review if your changes are proper or not. If they find any mistakes, they may request some changes, in which case, you should make the changes in your forked repository and then commit them. Note: make sure you make changes in the same branch you previously requested PR from.
